fix: Custom CA Root - add Values.yaml steps (#2640)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/custom-domain/custom-ca-root-certificate.md

You can install custom CA root certificates in your Appsmith container. It is useful when:

1. You interact with internal endpoints that use private [SSL certificates](./#custom-ssl-certificate) via Appsmith without disabling SSL verification.
2. If you have your Appsmith instance behind a firewall or a proxy, that requires SSL decryption.

> ## Set Up Using Custom CA Root Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up using custom CA root folder
```

To set up custom CA certificates using the folder method, follow these steps:

1. Create a `ca-certs` folder in your `stacks` folder.

> 2. Save all your CA root certificates in the `ca-certs` folder. If your `cert` file has a `.pem` extension, rename it to `.crt` before adding it to the s`tacks/ca-certs` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save all your CA root certificates in the `ca-certs` folder. If your `cert` file has a `.pem` extension, rename it to `.crt` before adding it to the `stacks/ca-certs` folder
```

3. Restart Appsmith.

Appsmith checks the `ca-certs` folder for CA root certificates and applies them on startup.

:::caution

> If you **remove** a **certificate** from the `ca-certs` folder, it's also **removed** from the **trust store** and **won't** be **trusted** anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing a certificate from the `ca-certs` folder will also remove it from the trust store, resulting in the certificate no longer being trusted.
```

:::

> ## Set Up Using values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up using values.yaml
```

> If you're using Kubernetes, you need to update the `values.yaml` configuration file to ensure the certificate is included correctly. Follow these steps to add custom CA certificates in `values.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Appsmith installations on Kubernetes, you can add custom CA certificates by updating the `values.yaml` file. Follow these steps:
```

1. Open `values.yaml`.

2. Locate the `customCAcert` section.

3. Add your certificates by pasting their content as shown:

<dd>

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

customCAcert:
  cert1: |
    (Paste the certificate content here)
  cert2: |
    (Paste additional certificate content here)
```

</dd>

4. Save the file and run the Helm upgrade command to apply your changes:

<dd>

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
